=pod

=head1 NAME

CPAN::Testers::Config - Manage CPAN Testers configuration data

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

     use CPAN::Testers::Config;
 
     $config = CPAN::Testers::Config->read;
     $config->{global}{profile} = 'my_profile.json';
     $config->write;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

CPAN::Testers::Config provides a very simple interface to load and save CPAN
Testers configuration data using only core Perl modules.

By default, configuration is stored in '.cpantestersE<sol>config.pl' in the user's
home directory.  Data is serialized using L<Data::Dumper>.

=head1 SCHEMA

Configuration is provided as a hash of hashes.  No formal schema has been
defined yet for CPAN Testers configuration and thus there is no validation by
this module.

The top-level key C<<< global >>> is reserved for data that will be used by multiple
CPAN Testers modules.  Only keys listed in the L</Global Configuration Keys>
section should be used in the C<<< global >>> hash.

Module-specific configuration data should be stored under a top-level key
corresponding to the module name.  For example:

   # global
   $metabase_profile = $config->{global}{profile};
 
   # module-specific
   $config->{'CPAN::Testers::Client'}{send_duplicates} = 1;

=head2 Global Configuration Keys

The following key(s) are defined. No other keys should be added or expected.

Proposed new global keys should be sent to the maintainer(s) of this module
andE<sol>or the L<CPAN Testers Discussion|https://www.socialtext.net/perl5/index.cgi?cpan_testers>
mailing list.

=head3 C<<< profile >>>

A path to a filename containing a CPAN Testers 2.0 user profile; if not an
absolute path, it should be treated as a path relative to the CPAN Testers
configuration directory

=head1 USAGE

=head2 new

   $config = CPAN::Testers::Config->new( %data );

Creates and returns a new configuration object with optional starting data or
dies.

=head2 read

   $config = CPAN::Tester::Config->read;
   # ... modify $config ...
   $config->read; # reload

Returns a configuration object with data loaded from the configuration file or
dies.  May be called either as a class method or an object method.

=head2 write

   $config->write;

Serializes a configuration object to the the configuration file or dies.
Returns the object as a convenience on success.

=head2 config_dir

   $dir = CPAN::Testers::Config->config_dir;

Returns a path to the CPAN Testers configuration directory.  See L</ENVIRONMENT>.

=head2 config_file

   $file = CPAN::Testers::Config->config_file;

Returns a path to the CPAN Testers configuration file.  See L</ENVIRONMENT>.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=head2 CPAN_TESTERS_DIR

Specifies an alternate directory to search for CPAN Testers configuration files
instead of the default '.cpantesters' in the user's home directory.

=head2 CPAN_TESTERS_CONFIG

Specifies an alternate file for configuration data instead of 'config.pl' in
the default or alternate configuration directory.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/cpan-testers-config/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/cpan-testers-config>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/cpan-testers-config.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

